So let's build that map for this first of all.
I'll get access to a map element and that should be the place where I rendered that map.
And this will be this day of the year with the map local reference.
Now since it has that local reference we can easily get access to it.
We can simply add at view child here which is imported from at Angola court in front of a property with
any name of your choice like map element.
This will be of type element ref.
And of course you have to pass something to view child you have to pass to your selector.
You have to pass that local reference name.
And since I named this map here in my template I have to use map here as well.
So no map Allen gives us access to D def here in the end and therefore I will store it is in a U constant
which on a map L to avoid confusion and reach out to this map element that's named as map element ref
because it actually is just a reference and there we can access the native element which is the actual
div.
Now we have that div stored in map L and the data stand for the place where I want to render this.
Now we do render a map by using new Google Maps dot map.
So this constructor which has a first arguments takes d h to male element we want to render the map
in and that would be my map l here.
The second argument is then a starting configuration for the map.
Like for example Center which defines on which coordinates it should center initially no coordinates
here should be a javascript object with a lat and long queues or lat and LNG key and alleged stands
for latitude and there we could use something like minus 3 4 3 9 7 but you can also fire up Google Maps
in your browser and pick a location there and then take the latitude and longitude from there.
I'll just enter some random data here which I searched in advance but nothing too spectacular.
So that is my center besides the center we can also set up assume here which is how far we're assumed
in and 16 should work quite well.
Now let's store that map here in a map constant so that we can interact with it a bit more because now
with this map created we can start adding markers to ID or set up event listeners.
Now for now we'll not do any of that but to see the map I now also need to do some styling here.
We need to style this map div here.
That is why I assigned de class of map here to make sure that this is visible and has the rights dimensions.
So let's select map here to map class and first of all let's give this a position of absolute and a
height of 100 percent and a width of 100 percent so that it takes the full modal there after all get
gift as a background color of transparent to make sure that we just have the map there and nothing in
front of that and I'll add an A Pass City of 0 which of course hides it.
Now why do I do that.
Because I also want to add a transition here which animates deal pass city when it changes over let's
say 150 milliseconds to ease in.
I'm doing that because we actually have to load the Google Maps SDK first here with diskette Google
Maps and this can take a few milliseconds or something like that.
And I want to estimate the map in once it has been loaded and once it can be rendered simply to provide
a nice effect.
Therefore here I will add a map visible selector here so that the map div with class map also has the
visible class and they're all set opacity 1.
Now we just have to make sure that the opacity gets changed once the map has been loaded and that in
turn can be done in the map modal again here when we create our map we can use that Google Maps SDK
thing we're getting as an argument here at their tap into the event property to add a listener once
and listener once some effort.
This exposes to the map so too does map opted we created here and that event to which we only want to
listen once is idle.
And this will essentially fire as soon as the map has been loaded and we only listen to it once because
we are just interested in that first initial load.
So to say now the function which you pass is a third argument will be the function that is executed
when this event occurs and there are one or add this classed as visible class to my map element.
Now the most elegant way of doing this is by injecting the renderer renderer to here from at angular
core.
That is an object a tool angler gives us for interacting with Dom elements which is preferable to directly
manipulating them.
If we can avoid it and now we can use that renderer I inject it to add a class and here I first of all
pass my element so my map l here and then the class name and that should be a string and it is visible
here.
So with that.
Theoretically we should now get a map that actually loads and even animates and lets see if it does
work.
So let's go back here and let's open that model.
And here we are.
Here is the map and it all faded in and I is elected in the middle of nowhere here as a starting location
near Sydney.
Of course you can pick any location you want now.
That is the map and you can interact with it as you would expect it which is really nice.
Now the next day of course will be to make sure that we actually you register a click by the user to
pick a location.